content/jobs/Upstatement/index.md, before:

---
date: '2016-06-12'
title: 'Co-founder and Director'
company: 'Market Data Forecast'
location: 'Hyderabad, India'
range: 'June 2016 - July 2023'
url: 'https://www.marketdataforecast.com/'
---

- Bootstrapped a market research startup, growing team from three to 40 employees over seven years
- Led a comprehensive customer segmentation analysis fueling targeted marketing campaigns, yielding an 80% improvement in leads generated
- Spearheaded firm's analytical transformation by integrating BI tools and predictive analytics, enhancing forecasting accuracy and operational efficiency
- Developed web scraping solutions using Python and Beautiful Soup to streamline metadata extraction from websites, saving 2,000+ hours/year manual work
- Delivered strategic recommendations to 500+ clients, providing market intelligence to empower decision-making
- Designed 100+ real-time market trend monitoring dashboards in Tableau and Power BI, enabling proactive decision-making through instant alerts and updates

Commit message:

Changes to the projects sections

content/jobs/Upstatement/index.md, after:

---
date: '2016-06-12'
title: 'Co-founder and Director'
company: 'Market Data Forecast'
location: 'Hyderabad, India'
range: 'June 2016 - July 2023'
url: 'https://www.marketdataforecast.com/'
---

- Bootstrapped a market research and strategy consulting firm operating across 6 industry verticals, leading a team of 10+ data analysts in executing over 60 consulting projects and generating a revenue of $3.5 million over the span of 7 years
- Delivered industry-specific Business Intelligence dashboards in Power BI, incorporating advanced features such as drill-through functionality, custom visuals, interactive slicers and dynamics filters, in-line with client objectives
- Transformed and optimized internal business reporting workflows by integrating critical data sources and automating operational reports through SQL Server and Power BI, driving report utilization and data accessibility across the organization
- Utilized Azure Data Factory to orchestrate ETL workflows for a data migration project, integrating and transforming data from various sources. Loaded the processed data into Azure Synapse Analytics for analytics and seamless data aggregation
- Developed a comprehensive Marketing KPI dashboard by connecting data from Google Analytics and a lead database using Power BI. Implemented row-level security to ensure role-specific access, allowing users to view data relevant to their roles
- Led the creation of marketing KPI and analytics reports, integrating data from Snowflake to track member acquisition and engagement campaigns, enhanced targeted outreach and resulted in a 10% increase in new member enrollment over 3 months
- Designed ETL mappings in Informatica for a data migration project, integrating and transforming 10+ TB of data from an on-premise data warehouse to Snowflake, improving data accuracy and reducing errors in downstream analytics
- Coordinated implementation of decile analysis with logistic regression to classify customers for targeted marketing. Prioritizing on top 3 deciles reduced marketing expenditures by 35% while tripling the conversion rate
- Designed and executed a A/B testing roadmap for landing page variations, leveraging Google Analytics data to optimize design achieving a 22% increase in click-through rate
- Led development of regression and time-series forecasting models utilizing historical and epidemiological data to predict trends in 270+ healthcare markets within a ±25% margin of error
- Deployed in-house Sales KPI dashboards in Tableau, for optimizing lead lifecycle and streamlining of sales workflow, contributing to a 15% reduction in lead turnaround times
